When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

If I am working across different computers, so can have access to everything in the project all the time. 


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

So that if I am working on a project on different computers, I don't want github automatically being pulled to the local computer each time,
as I would have multiple files all over the place. It will also be beneficial sometimes to have some stuff not pushed to github, so before I want
people to see it. 


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A branch is a series of commits that make up a certain version of a project, eg the main branch might be in English, another branch might be 
in Spanish etc. Or could be easy and hard branches. 

A clone is copying one git repo from github and placing it on your own computer. 

A fork is similar to cloning, but instead of copying it to your computer, you copy it to github. 

A branch would be used for a different version as mentioned above. 
Cloning would be used when you want to be able to take a project and copy it to your own computer to work on, look at etc on your own. 
Forking would be used when you want to collaborate with others, or edit files publically in github. 


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

I don't know fully. I'm guessing so that if you can't access the internet or github for what ever reason, you have your own copy?
So you can see what it was like before other people made changes, especially if there are conflicts in collaborative projects. 


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Without using git or github, I think people would collaborate by sharing files over googledocs, or editing files and then emailing them to each other. 

Easier:
Sending the files, saving them, not worrying about git or github if you haven't used them before.

Harder:
Viewing other's changes, keeping track of changes, combining different code. 


